<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd" >
<reference id="lwn51m2t26an" xml:lang="en-FR">
	<title>Installation guide</title>
	<prolog>
		<author>Emmanuel Gosse</author>
	</prolog>
	<shortdesc>This first version of installation guide demonstrates
		that it takes fiew minutes to have a oss server running and ready to
		be used.
	
	</shortdesc>
	<refbody>
		<section spectitle="1- How to install a Apache Tomcat">
			Apache Tomcat or another JAVA server. This
			installation guide will be based on it.
			Please refer to standard
			installation of it website.
			http://tomcat.apache.org/index.html
			Version 5 or newer available.
		</section>

		<section spectitle="2- How to install OSS">
			<section spectitle="2.1- OSS.war">
				Put oss.war in 'tomcat/webapps' tomcat repertory. rename it like you
				want (keep 'war' extension !).

				<codeph>example : oss.war </codeph>

			</section>

			<section spectitle="2.2- Configuration of war in tomcat">
				In 'tomcat/conf/Catalina/localhost/' path, create a xml file named
				as same as you have named your war at the step 2.1 (keep 'xml'
				extension !).

				example : oss.xml
				<codeblock><![CDATA[
				<Context docbase="oss.war" debug="0" crossContext="true">
				    <Environment name="JaeksoftSearchServer/configfile" type="java.lang.String" value="/mnt/all_oss/oss1/config.xml"
					   override="true" />
				</Context>]]>
				</codeblock>
			</section>

			<section spectitle="2.3- Configuration of physical index">
				In a repository where you would like to put it (no special needs), we
				use '/mnt/all_oss/', create the place you want to have your physical
				index.
				I choose oos1 ( to be correct with step 2.2).

				1 -> put the file config.xml in. (don't change its name !). You can
				observe that oss.xml refers to it.
				2 -> create only a repository named 'index' in oss1, At server start,
				it creates an empty index automaticaly in.

				/mnt/all_oss/oss1/ ls

				-> config.xml (file)
				-> index (rep)
			</section>

			<section spectitle="2.4- Example of a basic config.xml">
			</section>

		</section>


		
	</refbody>
</reference>